Allow definition of same state names for multiple state machines on the same mode (#17)
makandra/rails_state_machine: README.md

This also allows you to define multiple state machines on the same model. Note that event
and state names still have to be unique for the whole model.

> If you want to have the same state names for different state machines on the same model,
> you have to use the `prefix:` keyword argument.
> 
> To use a prefix, pass it to the `.state_machine` method as a keyword argument:

Reviewer: IMO this is overly specific towards the implementation and does not explain the need for a prefix well.

How about this?

```suggestion
If you define multiple state machines on the same model, and use state names more than once,
you must use a prefix to avoid name collisions.

A prefix may be specified by passing the `:prefix` option when declaring your state machine:
```
